README.md, before:

# Flowgraph Framework


## Deployment

[AkkaConfigFolder](conf/): modify and put this files in the same directory of jar

[config.properties](src/shared/resources/config.properties): modify it with your settings, Flowgraph will
looking for it in same directory of jar file

[PatternGrammarFolder](src/shared/antlr4/): antlr4 grammars for patterns and inputs 
(try Antlr4 plugin to check the syntax of your your pattern)

[Entry](src/DebugMain.java): entry point of application

[computations](src/shared/resources/computationImpl): VertexCentric computation available.
Adding a new computation requires recompilation of framework


## example of config.properties

patternPath = src/shared/resources/pattern.txt

datasetPath = ./dataset100k.txt


timingLog = true (can be processed by [script](src/shared/resources/LogToIndices.java))

spaceLog = true

outOnFile = true (put output on file instead of console)

performanceLogName = performance


numberOfSlaves = 1 (number of slave instances)

directedEdges = true

numRecordsAsInput = 120 (number of dataset entries used as system input)

autonomousMode = true (use dataset inputs and do not permit user interaction at runtime)

numOfWorkers = 4 (number of workers actor per instance)

appendLog = false (open log field in append mode)

debugLog = true (do not suppress INFO log)


logPath = ./log/ (log folder)

masterIp = 192.168.1.86 

masterPort = 6123

## Some example of partial patterns

>.g().compute(PageRank , $varRet, [ maxIterations = '100', threshold = '0.0000001'] );

>.g().select(label > '10' or lab1 == '5').extractV(label).emit($res);

>.g().SubGraphByV(labelP).compute(PageRank , $varRet, [ maxIterations = '10']);

>.g().SubGraphByV(labelP).select(labelP == '2') \
>.compute(PageRank , $varRet, [ maxIterations = '10']);

>.g().extractV(labelP).emit($varNode); \
>.collect($varNode 10-ms ago).emit($versionedVar);


> .g().compute(OutgoingEdges, $outDegree).emit($graph); \
>     .collect($outDegree).reduce(count).emit($totalEdges); \
>     .collect($totalEdges 10-ms ago, $totalEdges).map(diff f.value, s.value).emit($delta); \
>     .collect($delta).filter(greaterThan10 value).emit($triggerVar); 
>     .trigger($triggerVar).g().compute(PageRank, $rank, [maxIterations = '10']);

Commit message:

[Computation] Message Batching mechanism implemented
Partial outboxes are sent if their size is larger than a given thrashold
BoxMsg.java now has a more stricted access to internal state
BoxMsg.java now provide total number of messages stored in current BoxMsg object. Total number of messages information is updated with an incremental mechanism to avoid frequent heavy updates
config.property now handle "outboxSizeThreshold" parameter
Readme updated with new parameter (outboxSizeThreshold)

Signed-off-by: Pietro Daverio <pietro.daverio@mail.polimi.it>

README.md, after:

# Flowgraph Framework


## Deployment

[AkkaConfigFolder](conf/): modify and put this files in the same directory of jar

[config.properties](src/shared/resources/config.properties): modify it with your settings, Flowgraph will
looking for it in same directory of jar file

[PatternGrammarFolder](src/shared/antlr4/): antlr4 grammars for patterns and inputs 
(try Antlr4 plugin to check the syntax of your your pattern)

[Entry](src/DebugMain.java): entry point of application

[computations](src/shared/resources/computationImpl): VertexCentric computation available.
Adding a new computation requires recompilation of framework


## example of config.properties

patternPath = src/shared/resources/pattern.txt

datasetPath = ./dataset100k.txt


timingLog = true (can be processed by [script](src/shared/resources/LogToIndices.java))

spaceLog = true

outOnFile = true (put output on file instead of console)

performanceLogName = performance


numberOfSlaves = 1 (number of slave instances)

directedEdges = true

numRecordsAsInput = 120 (number of dataset entries used as system input)

autonomousMode = true (use dataset inputs and do not permit user interaction at runtime)

numOfWorkers = 4 (number of workers actor per instance)

outboxSizeThreshold = 10000 (size of outbox, it need to be optimized based on tha application)

appendLog = false (open log field in append mode)

debugLog = true (do not suppress INFO log)


logPath = ./log/ (log folder)

masterIp = 192.168.1.86 

masterPort = 6123

## Some example of partial patterns

>.g().compute(PageRank , $varRet, [ maxIterations = '100', threshold = '0.0000001'] );

>.g().select(label > '10' or lab1 == '5').extractV(label).emit($res);

>.g().SubGraphByV(labelP).compute(PageRank , $varRet, [ maxIterations = '10']);

>.g().SubGraphByV(labelP).select(labelP == '2') \
>.compute(PageRank , $varRet, [ maxIterations = '10']);

>.g().extractV(labelP).emit($varNode); \
>.collect($varNode 10-ms ago).emit($versionedVar);


> .g().compute(OutgoingEdges, $outDegree).emit($graph); \
>     .collect($outDegree).reduce(count).emit($totalEdges); \
>     .collect($totalEdges 10-ms ago, $totalEdges).map(diff f.value, s.value).emit($delta); \
>     .collect($delta).filter(greaterThan10 value).emit($triggerVar); 
>     .trigger($triggerVar).g().compute(PageRank, $rank, [maxIterations = '10']);
